W-14927671  Pdk ga branch gr (#464)
mulesoft/docs-gateway: pdk/1.0/modules/ROOT/pages/policies-pdk-architecture.adoc

= Policy Development Kit Architecture Overview
ifndef::env-site,env-github[]
include::_attributes.adoc[]
endif::[]
:imagesdir: ../assets/images

> The Policy Development Kit (PDK) consists of the:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Policy Development Kit (PDK) consists of the:
```
I notice you don't include "the" elsewhere. Does this need to be consistent? What is the official branding?

Author: https://github.com/mulesoft/docs-gateway/pull/504/files

* <<anypoint-cli-pdk-plugin>>: Generates and distributes the policy to Exchange
* <<policy-template>>: Scaffolds new custom policies
* <<sdk-building-tools, SDK Building Tools>>: Simplifies the development process

== Anypoint CLI PDK Plugin

> The Anypoint CLI PDK plugin creates the PDK project and uploads policy assets to Exchange. After creating the project, PDK provides a simplied set of commands in a `Makefile` to complete all following development steps.

Reviewer: Like above, does uploading to Exchange also apply to Local Mode?

== Policy Template

PDK generates some simple scaffolding when creating the policy.

All generated files contain the required information to properly compile the policy.

For more information about the included files, see xref:policies-pdk-create-project.adoc#project-structure[Project Structure].

== SDK Building Tools

Flex Gateway is built on Envoy which requires developed policies to be compatible with the event-driven https://github.com/proxy-wasm/spec[proxy-wasm^] architecture. 

> `proxy-wasm`'s event-driven architecture forces users to keep track of all the different events received to handle a single request. This causes the following drawbacks that make developing and maintaining event driven code costly:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`proxy-wasm`'s event-driven architecture requires users to manage the different events that handle a single request. This causes the following drawbacks that make developing and maintaining event-driven code costly:
```
Maybe "requires" is a little friendlier? And "manage" and "that" to make it slightly less wordy?

* High complexity of the code due to the coupling of business logic with the entry points 
* Inability to modularize common logic which creates monolithic code

> * Verbose non-linear control flow that create difficult function callbacks and error propagation

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Verbose non-linear control flow that creates difficult function callbacks and error propagation
```

> PDK provides building tools that abstract the user from the event oriented coding approach by using reactor and executor patterns. PDK provides the developer a way to code each incoming request in a linear method which results in: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
PDK provides building tools that abstract the developer from the event-oriented coding approach by using reactor and executor patterns. PDK provides the developer a way to code each incoming request in a linear method that results in: 
```
I assume "user" is the same as "developer"? I was a little confused; I wonder if the customer will also be confused?

Nit picky: "that" instead of "which" since there's no comma.

> * Less errors from using methods in the incorrect context

Reviewer: Does this refer to compile errors or runtime errors? As a PDK newbie, I was a little confused.

Author: https://github.com/mulesoft/docs-gateway/pull/504/files
